link to finished codepen:https://codepen.io/Tragiclover/pen/wvdxQNr?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To structure a web page and it's content.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    A modifier of an HTML element type. It's added to an HTML start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is used for titles or headers. We should only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Src and Alt

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <title>, links to CSS, links to custom favicons and other metadata.

    7. What is an id? 
      Something identifying the element when linking

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       A unique HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.

    10. What is a class? 
         An attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A div element with id="myDiv"

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
         As many times as you like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Just add a target="_blank" attribute to your anchor tags.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        To provide alternative information for an image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        Section means the content inside is grouped while Div doesn't convey any meaning aside from any found in its class

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Describing the presentation of Web pages.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
       .class

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An ID can be used to identify one element, while class can be used to identify more than one. .info to fix up a section. 
        #top so you can change the color of the top.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        >elementselctor is used to select elements with a specific parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
         letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        <div style="border: dotted 1px black">

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        del/filename. It won't give a prompt

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It tracks every individual change.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin file-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
       cd Onedrive, cd Documents, cd folder name, git clone "link", cd "link", git checkout -b branch-name, code . , git add . , git commit -m "message", git push -u origin file-name

